ViVi wants to run in LOOΠΔ's new gym clothes!
ViVi : Hello~
ViVi : I want to run at the shooting site today~
But it keeps on raining
ViVi : It's still raining... still bad weather...
ViVi : Rain.... I don't like you....
HaSeul : Now... it's stopped raining for a while
HaSeul : We have to film every scenes what we planned today!
HaSeul : I'm so worried
ViVi is trying her best, although the weather is bad
'How about running, ViVi'
ViVi : Running?
ViVi : I love it!
HeeJin : It's time to film a group dance scene~
HeeJin : I was thinking 'when is this rain supposed to let up?', but fortunately it's stopped now!
The scene wasn't used for "Love&Live" MV, but the girls did their best!